### **Nailbot Reflection**, Pree Walia spoke about starting her business.
* Yesterday we had a speaker and me and Ms Naidu awarded extra credit for listening in.  I would like you all to understand how I would hope you would reflect and respond at such events.
* One thing that I saw in Pree was someone who seemed to relate to an audience.  She was quick to say that she was an Entrepreneur by accident.  To me this was an instant draw or hook.  This meant to me, that we can end up in a path that maybe we did not always think about or think we could obtain.  For all of us, this could be pursuing your interest or a dream and then finding a path that ends up just as great  but still unintended.   I can relate to this as I never thought or planned on being a Teacher.  There are many personal things and goals that I have had in my "retirement" or "second career", so according to Pree I am a Teacher by accident.
* Pree continued to have command, smile, and passion as she spoke.   Pree had confidence in her ability to communicate her point.  Yesterday, she had obstacles as there was a big room and some energy that was unruly.   Pree showed that by being genuine and sharing her story she was able to win the crowd.  To me, I need to believe that by being authentic, sticking to the message, and retaining confidence you can win any crowd and be as successful as Pree was yesterday in reaching her audience.
* Pree had to learn things about herself.  Pree learned that people thought she was overconfident and thus people thought she was not coachable.  We all have our flaws, I tend to get angry when I feel people discredit me or openly against something I am trying to do.  To this element in my life, I need to take something from Pree and be willing to shape or improve on my weakness.  This week has been a rough week for me in my Period 1 class, I probably need to be more tolerant in confrontation.  However, I fear of losing class and ability to educate entirely.   Pree discussed how she likes to put people around her that have lots of talents and help boost each other up.  In our arrangement, we have not really picked each other.   However, we do have lots of differences and talents that can be leveraged.  In any agreement or in disagreement we can still push forward remembering the goal of a classroom within education.  I hope you can forgive me of my weakness and flaws.
* Finally, Pree discussed how many times she has failed.   How many designs she had to go through to eliminate flaws.  This reminds me of our class and how you all have to approach projects.   Or, how students have many classes and AP exams and the pressure you feel as you strive for "success".   Also, this season where so many of you are receiving letters of "rejection" from colleges you wanted to attend.   I believe Pree's message to all of us, "success" or "rejection" does not happen from one thing.  No matter how hard you try a pandemic can happen, or some other disruption, then former "success" or "rejection" can become even more difficult.  Pree stood up tall and  told us there is a tomorrow and there is a way to win your dream.  I have seen that in my life.   As a teenager, I grew up with a single mom who had an alcohol problem and no money.  This kept me down in many ways in High School my 1st steps in pursuing my dreams.   But,  it did not keep me from many of my accomplishments.  I believe in having a Pree like smile and pushing forward in your adversity.
